Add readme and code assist annotations on unittests for utilities (#1699)
RedHatQE/openshift-virtualization-tests: utilities/unittests/README.md

# Generated using Claude cli

# CNV Utilities Testing Framework

## Overview

> This directory contains unit tests for the CNV (Container-native Virtualization) utilities framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains unit tests for the Openshift Virtualization (former CNV) utilities framework.
```
